Necessary, in all the policy questions we've answered, it just one iteration through has been usually good. Yeah. But I do have to go back and forth.  Like, right now, we don't rerun clues. on it. But it can be done. Just because this wasn't exploration work to see if the channels were all speaking to each other and can generate model runs, this is where we stood.  So proof of concept. Marginal cost of electricity. It's the one that we really want, electricity is the big factor that we're using here, even though and partly is because the clues model in the Philippines basically only has electricity.  We are looking into land and water, as other places, but that will create new channels, but this becomes again a proof of concept. So what we really want for OG is that marginal cost of electricity to use it somehow. The, there's a problem with the, they do, clues does report, a marginal price of electricity, but the, the data is really, uh, there are many, many gaps, so you can't create a series in it.  So we actually replace it with an average, sort of an average cost of electricity. And there we call, I think you call it here the levelized cost of electricity. That gives us a pricing, a pricing signal that we can use. is not the perfect one, but it is an approximation.  I don't know if it's a data issue of just how clues is solving. That's an investigation I need to do, so, but it's good enough. It does give us a sense of how the price of electricity is changing over time.  And we can adjust for that one fine. So that's an important, that's probably the most important thing to get out of clues is this, this, these marginal prices for that resource. So an electricity would be that, and water would be that, et cetera.  And then we passed it on. And the question is, you know, gee, how does it enter? Um, but can you, you just need to be bigger?  I'm not sure if I... Question then is how does it enter, right? And we played a lot with different ways in which we can enter this into the OG function, and I think we have now the best ones that we can't currently.  I think we can do more, but it depends on changes on either the calibration or OG core. Um, So, the electricity prices comes in through 2 places on the household and an industry side. And this is a question I think we discussed with Jason before.  We don't have intermediate goods here. So we don't have electricity as an intermediate good. So we have to bring electricity in here as a way to change the cost of capital, which is an interesting question of how that was done in the 1st place.  But we do have a cost of capital effect on electricity, and it's adjusted through, um, this cost push on the final share, and there's a, there's a way we do that, and you have, you have the code in that too. And on the consumer side, you have as a cost of the consumer good that they have. So we do change both of them there.  And the reason why we need those 2 is because, for example, in the Philippines, and I believe in almost every country, electricity is really affecting industry, a lot more than affected consumers. So we really have to try to get that right. Um, We also make use of C men for this because it's important that there's some minimum electricity everybody wants to use.  So it's an interesting way to calibrate that channel for the household as well. But anyways, I'll go through it a little bit. 8 channels summarized here, energy price. So this is going from, uh, we get the energy price from clues to OG, that's that direction.  Um, it's entering from the, we get the reform baseline cost ratio, so you have the changes in that one and then you move it to, into industry cost push plus the household wedge. So we do those 2 things. But how those are done, that's an interesting question.  Actually, on the industry cost push, we find out later that what we would expect to have, there's a counterintuitive effect on how much, I think it was a gamma, needs to change, but we'll get to it later. Public investment. We do have that coming out.  So really quick, just some things. I'm looking in the model representation column of that table. I see survival rates, but you can also include fertility rates in there.  You could imagine that electricity, uh, could change fertility rates if people have the ability to, um, Elle commute from outlying areas that might increase fertility rates. It's just easier to have kids if you live in a cheaper, uh, lower housing cost area. I guess, okay, so there's effective labor.  Got it. Yeah, there... I wanted to make sure we're in there. the household productivity or effective labor, and also the fertility rates, or a potential channel to, it can go from clues.  The OG model. Completely. I think what I've taken here as channels that I could use data with, um, I actually, um, on fertility rates, there probably is science linking uh, places with more or less electricity to maternal mortality or, I mean, sorry, child mortality type of thing, like you're, you're in a hospital with no electricity type of thing.  I wonder how big it would be, but we can definitely wire that in, but these survival rates and effective labor rate. You see our cost of disease. This is the cause of disease mechanism.  Right? And it's coming from the burden of disease where we can track these emissions to mortality and morbility effects. So it's data driven.  If we find another data driven that changes something else. What you're saying, so what you'll find interesting there is even though both survival and effect in both mortality and mobility change, mortality only changes kind of towards the end of the of your life. So it hits the economy very lightly on the labor side because the people who are dying are sort of towards the end of their working period.  So it really actually lowers the burden because some people die and then you don't have pensions. It's an interesting effect. The bigger effect is happening from productivity.  People getting sick, catching whatever, more diseases. Oh, yeah. How do you handle this wedge, though?  I mean, you had to describe as, like, I'll see, but then that makes some contribution to government revenue. And so, you know, When was it they brought like the nature of these costs, like, Is it a transfer of resources, like, in the case of the government collecting revenue through TaoC or is it, like, the dissipation of resources, to meet some regulatory standard? Wait, sorry, where am you lost me, Jason?  Where am I looking at? So the household wedge in the 8 channels, right? And then on the slide steps, you have that household wedge, I think, described as Tao C.  How slight 6 up here? Oh, here, right, right. Yeah, yeah.  Intermediate share and then the final share is this wedge. Yeah. Oh, you talking about down here, this part here.  Yeah. Right, right. Yeah, this is really, this has happened in the industry side, right?  This is the industry side, I think. Well, this is the intermediate share is no. ZM is what we're trying to Yeah, we're trying to talk industry here. and households we're trying to target here.  Yeah, I'm trying to remember. So we do it as a cost of one of their Oh, yes. It is a, and I have to be remembered the precise solution to this one.  There is an issue of whether or not that, we're modeling it as a tax on consumer, one of the consumers, like you're paying more, but that doesn't get collected by the, it doesn't get respent by the government. There's a question you can model either with the re- the re- it's called recycling in in this area. You either bring that back into the economy or not and it matters because then the shock should not be recycled because you don't have a stimulus on the other side.  It's really like a dead weight almost, right? That gets captured by the electricity producer, but doesn't get captured as a tax for government, so you can't bring that as additional spending. So you can't recycle that.  So, um, I try to remember, I have to go back Jason to the specifics. I wonder if I have it on the slide here. About how that was used.  Let me see if I find I'll come back to this in a bit. This is the Philippine side. I might not have it on the slides.  And I guess then why why put it? So it seems like you need a modification of OG core to make to have a towel C that isn't contributed government revenue. Yeah, yeah.  No, you have to do that, right? In which case, why not have, like, some kind of additional cost for the firm, like they, when they buy or, or I guess you could have it when they sell, I don't know if you want how you want to do this, but since there's already a PM with the firm's output, maybe they get PM minus something. Um, and you kind of put it.  I guess I'm just thinking why not put it on the firm side and then let household demand, find the, you know. I, I, I, I, I, as far as, like, incidents, but it could potentially matter, I think, because you've got it, you've got this mix of, uh, industry M outputs that go into consumer good, I, And here you explain the tax on consumer good eye. You put it on the industry side.  Because you've got this fixed coefficient matrix anyway, there's not substitution across those outputs. Um, So maybe in this model, it wouldn't matter to incidents. I mean, I think there's...  There are definitely things I had to work around, Jason. I think you're touching upon some of the the energy one is very, very important for that reason. It doesn't matter what the incidence is also because it, this is something, for example, that if we had more instruments in OG core, you could, you can find out why the energy price increase.  Not it just was an increase, because we're bringing this from clues, remember? We were saying this energy price increased. But who's paying for this one?  You have to have both of them pay that part. The industry has to be paying more for its use. Consumers are also paying more.  Clues doesn't tell you that it came because there was a carbon tax or something like that. So I think there's some opportunity to improve to make sure that the mechanics, the mechanisms in OG core are correct. So there's opportunity here, and I'm sorry, the slide, I don't have the slide showing the entire code base, but I can, the OG clues repo, actually.  It's it's there. You can actually dig into it as much as you want, but I can, and I'm writing a... Why is it just changing Z enough?  Yeah, we, so that, that, uh, there was a very good reason why changing Z was not enough. Um, And also the, uh, well, I won't be, I won't remember why I said on this. I did this work a few weeks back.  And I won't remember now why Z wasn't the only way to calibrate it. So we do change Z on the industry side. Uh, and then the industry will, um, change how it, what kind of capital it's buying.  Uh, and the quantities, you know, let me see if I actually think I have that here somewhere. Do I? This is the capital side of it.  This part here has something to do with that one, right? So this is when you raise a capital share, you, It's not just a productivity effect, you actually have to change the gammas. Um, I'm not, I'm not doing a very good job of explaining this, Jason.  I am not going to be able to... Well, maybe I'll get it as you. Yeah, no, I...  Yeah, and I think, let me see if I can open up. There's a paper that's linked to this, that I can, uh, let me see if I can. If it has the information, let me open this up real quick.  Because this one will have. Um. And I don't want to waste too much of your time, but let me see.  See, this paper has, let me, how would I change the sharing of this screen? Maybe this was more useful to you. Stop sharing.  Do that one. I think that's it. Right, so...  This one, this one is where I explained it a lot more in detail what we're found back then. I have to go back and spend some time rethinking this. I got distracted with a 1000000 other things.  But yeah, this is how we bring in the consumption side, and this is the industry side that we're talking about, right? So they're buying it as an input. They're raising their costs.  The, This is the application in the Z. Um, and I don't know if this is the this is the explanation of what you're asking about. Okay. Yeah, okay, maybe this is it, exactly, like, in that 1st program that, what the model would need to get this cost push is, or to model it better is to have intermediate inputs.  Yes, they've got outputs of different industries going in. And maybe that's just maybe we can get that once we have invest the investment good coming from multiple industries. I think we should, we probably still want to have, um, intermediate inputs, but that would, that would kind of do it then, right?  Because it's not just the energy sector, ZM getting hit, but it's then that's gonna change. P.M. which goes into consumer goods a little bit, but what you really want to adopt to feed into all those other industry outputs. Well, we have the input up.  So this is this requires so this is always run with a multi-industry calibration that has an electricity sector. And then we take advantage of that because other industries are buying from the industries, from the electricity sector. Well, I mean, other goods are use in, like, the consumption goods use energy, but it's not like the manufacturing sector is feeling directly that energy shot.  Well, we use it to do a calibration of what the shock could be, but you're right. where that's the part where we don't have an OG. any other industries, okay. Right. So there's this there's this thing there that we try to get around it.  And this is the idea will be this, right? This is what we will be nice to have. But we don't.  But we're shocking. Yeah, we're shocking industry somehow to make it to make it work. in the OG component. I don't know how hard it would be to have intermediate goods in there.  I'm probably another layer complication, but yeah, it would allow us to do this transfer, but then you have to have more than just that. Resources become an intermediate good, right? Not just energy per, you probably wanted to deal with land, water, other things that the clues model cares.  But if we just have electricity, you get pretty far, I think. Um, I, I, yeah, I can share this later, but it's, you know, super work in progress, but the code is probably more useful to you than the other one. Um, yeah, and sorry, this is actually, um, 1st time I'm really showing this around.  Let me go back to the other thing. Where was I here? Yeah, but those are, yeah, those are, those are the questions I thought I'll give from you guys, which are the deep questions.  Um The, The way, so this is an interesting slide here about the Capitol share, which has something to do with Z as well, but this game, I try to do a lot of time calibrating. Okay, what would it mean for the capital, share in different industries to try to calibrate it? And it wasn't as straightforward as I thought.  Um, it works out well. It's the correct economics and is the correct signal that we want, but it's this idea that if you just want to raise a capital share, you end up getting rid of capital in that industry, which is something that you have to consider. And the alternative is you have tax credits that draw it in.  And this is coming straight from the OG implementation. So we try to do it from data measure, like we go back and try to get data on specific capital shares of these industries and calibrate it that way, but then to see how that plays out when the clues outputs feed into the OG model. So the idea is that when we talk about attracting capital, this is the question of a model, for example, where you say, let's do EV solar panels instead of something else, right?  There's a, when you change industries to something more green or less green. One of the things you can do is you say, well, these are more or less capital intensive than other ones, especially in the beginning as you ramp it up. So how do you simulate something like that where you're ramping this up?  And the idea is that you don't just say, well, solar panels might have more higher capital share than a coal plant. Right? Because that's that turns out to be the opposite of what you want for attracting capital.  So the way we can do that is doing these investment credits that does attract capital into it. So this is more of how you simulate the mechanics between one or the other to get to what you want in your scenario. Um, to do some lessons.  This is the health effect that we saw, and I don't know if you can see it well here, Rick. So this is coming straight from the data of burden of disease there. I think this is for the Philippines specifically.  The mortality that you get increases starts coming out later towards the, it really starts hitting much later in the curve. So the effect of this mortality. It's already not a lot of people who straight out die because of it.  The mortality is in the a few 100 people, I think, is not much. And they're happening at older ages. So the effect that we get on the OG is small.  Sorry, this is the mortality, the blue line, I'm sorry. Here. It's really happening here.  The morbidity is where you have the, you start getting sick and losing work, productivity starts declining. This effect is bigger than the mortality one, which is an interesting result, you see, but the point is that now we can, using the methodology of burden of disease, of the, of the cause of disease paper, we can now look at pollution effects on the working population, right, as well, which is a nice output to see. It's not as big as we think, but it's there, which is nice.  Same mechanism, there's nothing different from that one. The other thing that we give back is the discount rate, so this is the equilibrium return that we get from OG, that goes back to clues as a discount rate that applies to them. And it's an important one.  We haven't run clues with this new discount rate, but it's available for a new scenario. And then the change in the energy demand, right? Sectoral output to consumption.  Um, So we can have a, uh, we run it with these controlled demand changes to see what the energy model will do, raising production and cetera. So we can pass back a demand signal to clues coming that comes straight out of the OG the OG core. output. And again, sorry is not very well explained, but and this is just a diagram of what we're doing.  How we're solving... Yeah, on the discount rates, Jason and I have done this in our work with this woman in Boston on healthcare outcomes. And in general, the discount rates from the OG model are higher than the ones that are traditionally used in the literature.  Yeah, we, what did they do? They gave, we got a lot lower debt present values. Yeah, this is the only signal we have.  I know the social rates of discounts are very different as well. So it's a placeholder. This is what we can get out of OG now, but we can do a discounting factor.  I would love to see that literature. We can absolutely improve on it. Um, We also don't, uh, yeah.  I don't know what else from OG can give us a signal, but it is important for clues to adjust the discount factor. At least you'll see what the economy reveals is the choice of the economy is making between future investment in today's investment, right? So that's what we're using is not a social measure at all.  It seems like the right now thing to me that you're making, right? the interest rate from OG to the firm's decisions includes to undertake the, you know, invest in the new technology or not. Yeah, and so we're just getting that revealed difference. and bring that in.  And I get it. It matters how you how you read into it, but we don't we don't extract other things from clues. Uh, So one of the things that you avoid double counting in a lot of these channels, uh, so, um, it's been a lot of time trying to get that right, um, The idea that we either do a cost push or an investment credit is very important.  Um, we, uh, again, I'm not doing a very good job explaining it, but it, a lot of times when you're running this, you try to put it in, you run it, and you realize that it gets, it gets double counted other places. So the channels have to be careful with how they're wiring this to make sure we're doing it just as a single single signal. And this is the recycling question that you had.  On the wedge, Rick. So what happens, or sorry, it was you, Jason. What happens when you have the Tao C?  Um, That's a, it's a, you have to decide where that goes, and I think if we had a different mechanism, we can make it very clear, but we do, on this scenario building, OG, we do specify that explicitly where we're going with it. Um, this is just an example of the, what happens with the Philippines, this is taking a Philippine scenario from clues that was done when we were in Philippines. And then applying it as a bringing those outputs and applying them as an OG scenario, and you can break down the effect by the channels, you know, what happens to the economy over time when you see this interesting signals happening.  You know how this goes. This is some pretty thing. I like this one here.  This is the age of the reform, and you can see how when you're that old at the reform, how the effects of that scenario affect your life. in the future. So you can actually see who's going to get hurt down the run. It's a nice little calculation.  That's fine. And you're using that area, you're saying? Yeah, there's there's, yeah, you're doing a future utility, but you solve the model over time and then you discount it back.  It's a nice plot to have. The code is also in the repo to create, which is nice. I like that lifetime welfare effect by the age.  So you can target voters. You will you will get hurt so you won't get hurt today. Vote for this now.  You're gonna be okay. Your grandpa will be bad, but your young people should go for it. One thing we've run into on this one is like, depending on the parameters, you change animely in this case, like it could be the high ends, potentially for this labor supply. then you've changed the utility function and so it's not comparable.  Completely agree. Yeah, I don't I don't know a good way to that one because cayenne is such an important, an important part of it, right? But yeah.  This, again, so this is just taking what we have in the Philippines now that there's that proposed date sector calibration is where this is coming from, which hasn't merged yet because it depends on other things in OG core. But so this is just to show that if we had, and then Cayenne, obviously, we have to be much improved for the Philippines and some ideas for them. I'm not waiting for anything for OG core to do those 8 those 8 interfaces.  I think those are all ready go. No, the interfaces are there. It's that they need a calibration, a country calibration that includes the, it's a good calibration, as Jason mentioned about Cayenne, about the electricity sector, specifically in the industries.  Calibration has to be dialed in. Because the channels will operate through that electricity sector and how consumers are using those goods. And to do that, I think we're merging some things.  We're fixing other things happening in OG core. So that's I haven't been able to really get even the better single industry calibrations merged in yet until we get OG core done. And then the 8 industry.  Oh, so this is the issue. This is why I had to wait. It's the issue we talked about the other day yesterday. or Monday.  Um, the idea is to get a better single industry, and to get a better single industry calibration, or get a better single industry calibration. The 8th industry calibration has to be equivalent to the one industry calibration. Like they have to look like the same economy.  They don't have to be identical. They won't be identical, but they should be both look like Philippines with 8 good 8 industries instead of one. And when I was doing that, when I was comparing the 8th industry calibration with a single industry, that's when I came across that problem.  That's when I realized, wait a 2nd, these are looking very weird. And that's how I identified that one issue. So that's kind of what got me stuck and back into the other work was trying to get this calibration running for the OG Clues link.  We're close on, uh... What are we close on? I mean, I guess we're not close on fixing that in the following sense.  The thing we're working on is at making the investment, able to be spread across the different industries, but that's not gonna solve the problem you described, like, the problem you described is going to persist, where adding another industry, because the industry is, by definition, when you add another industry, it's gonna be different from the existing industries, um, that heterogeneity creates, Um, it, it, it creates some real changes in the macro economy. I should, the calibration should adjust for that, but it's just, it's gonna be hard to make it completely go away. The way you make it almost go away is just through good calibration.  No, I think I went back. I still think that there's, I think there is an additional I think there's still that one problem with the composition. I don't think that's going to go away with calibration.  I think I really convince myself that it is a, um, it's an arithmetic thing. I haven't convinced you, I get it, but I've convinced myself that it is. Let me see if I can.  And I'm look, 2 things. First, sorry that this presentation wasn't as methodical as it should be. I haven't really gone through it this way and I'm already making myself notes on how to make it clearer.  The paper has a lot more detail and I'm going to have to make it more technical. So number one, and I'll share the draft paper, so if you want to dig into it. But the code as well.  Um, it's probably more useful because you can actually see, not what I'm saying, it's been changed, but how things are actually changed. Let me see if I can pull out the specific repo for you guys here. The separate repo.  I think it's in my private. I'll get it for you guys. Here it is.  Here's the public reboat to Muyago AI. Yeah, but I have this other one, which I didn't put it up on the, I wonder if I can, there's a way you guys can see it. I want.  Can you see a private report like that or I have to give you guys a... This is the link. This is your private repo.  Can you or no? The link you just shared, OG clues link, I can see it. Okay.  I don't know if you guys need access, I don't know exactly how to do it normally, but I can make the changes that are needed, but this is the testing code that exists inside that Muyogo AI stuff. So the same thing that's here, it's there. And that one's public.  So you can use whichever one you want. But this is the actual code of what's there that generates this one. What I wanted to show you guys actually was something else.  But anyways, this is this is the channel. There are other channels that I'm investigated too that, um, I think Alfonso had some ideas. And he sent them to me and I said, I put on my to-do list to assess and test them.  Um, and I don't know if they compliment change or add to what we have here. But the idea is that then these channels will grow or shrink according to how will G operates, how clues operates, and what's technically correct. what makes sense and what we can use data for. So then we have a modular way to connect these models.  Um, take, yeah. I would love to hear what you guys think on the on the actual paper. That's a draft now.  Let me put it here for you guys. Can I can I just send a file here with a share? It won't.  Tell me what you want to do. I just want to give you guys a file, PDF. You can either send us a link to that PDF through the chat or you can just email us.  Oh, email it to you guys later. Or your military there? Um...  Yeah, but this paper, the paper will have a lot more on the uh, on the details, I think, than you want. So, yeah. I really like the linkage, um, and the, the method of linking, using, uh, claw and the skills.  Uh, that is, to me, just a no-brainer, in the sense of, there's no question that's a great method, and, uh, and then, any questions that I had during the presentation were really based on, like, particular research questions and methodology, and, like, those are, those are side things. Like, that's just the stuff you do on any research question, but the methodology you're using is, I think, fantastic. Well, I think the thing that I wanted to get, so I have a version of this paper, which is a much simplified non-technical, non-academic writing of it, which I want to share around here the office, which is just explaining how those 2 models can speak to each other.  So not on the mechanics or specific variables, but more on the conceptual side of it. There are 2 things going on here, though. There's research questions that you can answer using this methodology, which are good, but I would put those right now as secondary, and just, like, as just kind of working examples of the methodology.  I think if you focus on the methodology, where you have these two models, you have a ton of documentation. You're augmenting the documentation, with skills that have defiles that allow you, and then you just show what that allows you to do, um, in terms of answering research questions. I think that, That's one of the really powerful things.  And then all the research questions you could answer is just like write a paper that shows what you did. But that paper references this methodological, kind of example, or methodological paper that you're writing. I think if you focus on the methodological paper, the research papers just look more traditional, and the methodology is kind of in the background.  So that's, yeah, the methodology, the skills and all that would do something different. The OG clues link has to be the actual code that can connect the 2 models. And that's not scenario specific, right?  That has to be something that translates the 2 things in a way that makes sense. And to show, just to show that those things exist and are valid, methodologically is important over here. Because once that's a convincing set, then the scenarios that we built with them will be will be supportive.  But did we not already do that? Did we not send EAPD a list of these linkages? We have from you guys, we had Yeah, the linkages that we have from you guys were sort of the starting set for this.  And this exercise was what else can we squeeze out of that one, right? Taking advantage of it. So this is the progression.  Right. Exactly. So are there more understanding clues better?  having different calibrations, understanding what the, what else can be possible? How much more can we do to really strengthen it? And I, one of the things that I was, when I was researching, I looked, there's just 2 other models that link clues or clues type model with a CGE or another economic model?  One of them, the CG one is actually a guy who, well, used to be a consultant of ours, big name Martin Sikowitz, and he's riding with Benerji. So these are established names on this one and they're connecting the two. And there's another one from and they're from IADB.  They're working there. No, that's one paper. There's another paper from my ADB as well that also does a similar model interaction.  And I have them both, and I analyze them both, and both of them are doing something very rudimentary, which is just to do some kind of fixed fixed factor that takes, well, one of them, for example, takes lab jobs, almost like a, imagine as an analogous to a pollution from an industry. So you have a clues sector and then there's this, each little industry output stuff, one of the things that outputs his jobs. By some factor that they they come up with.  So those models all have some version of that one. But what we're doing here is actually estimated from the equilibrium conditions and the scenarios that the models themselves solve. They don't have that.  They don't have that at all, right? We don't have fig, we actually try to estimate the factors that the scenario output and then pass that on to another one, re-estimate it and pass it back. So there's a huge innovation, I think, that this can do on this interaction between the 2 of them.  The challenge is to convince that one and more of these is a correct and valued method. I think they're all correct and valued methods. Like all of those channels are good channels through which to connect the models.  And so I guess you've got a living document that is, how the models interact. And that, so you've augmented what Jason and I initially gave VAPD. And then there's the methodology of how do you, like the user interface, which I think is a separate type of document.  And then you've got just output research questions answered in a way that references these interactions and and user interface tools. Yeah, so I think that's, this is a very, very solid foundation. This connection between clues and OG becomes a very, uh, really at the forefront.  I, I, I don't think there's a better, there's a paper that the colleagues from the clues, including Tom, 16 of them from KTH, et cetera. I don't know if you've seen a 2026 paper. On how to do this connection, how to connect it.  And it doesn't mention OG models at all. You're talking about CGE. But they actually have a 17 point criteria for how these things should work.  But I think that this is better. similar to OG Corey. Yeah, I think you guys are protein. But what we're doing is actually having it, and I think we actually have beyond what they have.  This is a, this is a better, if this stands out economically. This is a better um, connection than what anybody else has out there. It just, I mean...  What do you need from us, Marcello? Because this is great. And, um, we're happy.  We wanna, you mentioned that this is due yesterday. What can we do to help you get this to who you need to get it to? A few things.  So a few things to the two of you. I don't know. I can write this up.  I can write this up as a better presentation for the audience here and a shorter, more a simpler note that can go to be understandable here. I do need to spend some time communicating this better. What I, what I'm missing is, so number one, it would be nice to, How do I say this?  Um, I think this is a bigger effort than just what I can make, right? So I think I would I would welcome and contributions to add to this one from you guys if you guys have the time or interest. But if not, if that doesn't work, then...  Like, to jump in there and see, like, for example, just to look at at the code, see if this actually plays out. Jason, you're asking some good questions about TLC. That why I'm showing this table here. of how it's actually in the paper, right?  But to actually look how that's playing out in OG and whether that's correct and makes sense, as it is or if it needs to be changed. So the validation of this stuff and in the mechanics is super useful. And then write it up, like, I think this, I'm very, very strongly convinced that explaining this paper on the connection between clues and this oil G model, nobody else is doing, nobody else is doing it this way.  Everybody's taking the shortcuts, which are easy, but this one is actually data driven and calibration driven. Uh, I think it's invaluable and it gives this uh, OG clues world, this rigor that uh, that gets us in the door and, and that can take you guys. I know you guys are talking with Horizon about bringing this on board, that can even add to that paper.  And I don't know how this meets. I know you guys are writing on a different paper and I, that's why I thought it was a little, want to make it weird. I didn't want this to be sort of a competing thing. weird at all.  Let's, uh, let's just... Marcella, if you take the, uh, If you take the latex code and folder for this and send it to me, I'll put it up on overleaf, and that way you and me and Jason can just collaborate, the reason why I'd say send it to me is just because we, we have a paid overleaf account through, um, reopen RG, and so that the three of us can collaborate, uh, like we've already paid the, the fee, to have collaboration on over these. Yeah, yeah, mine is a free account.  I don't wanna pay another subscription. Yeah, no, I'm happy to do that. Put it up there.  Um, and you guys have the, the code base, I think. Let me know if there's, if you can't get it or whatever. Yeah, I could see both rebus, you share it.  Okay. But if something needs to be changed, I didn't want to make it public because this was, this was sort of just me working with my own computer, but this has to open up, let me know, or maybe there's a way I can just add you guys to it, but That's the, that's the development side of it. The actual code is more interesting than the write-up of the code.  But yeah, no, that'll be great. It takes some of the structure of the other paper, that structure, but some of the description and the interaction of the 2 models from the other paper. and use like similar language in this paper. This is more of a technical paper, though.  I think... So I was working... I was working on two.  I think we need a technical paper. Yes, I agree. And then I think we need a paper that I can show around the offices here that is not technical, right?  But, like, once we have a technical paper, you can easily make slides from that, that have different, kind of, tones for different audiences. Right, right, right. Right.  But I think writing the technical papers, the best foundation, that it's just so easy to make those different slides. Yeah. Yeah, no, I'll get that, uh, the latex to you guys, and, uh...  I think that's, that's it for me on this side. Yeah, I'd be happy to help on that. Uh, I really, I really like that.  Did we get something from Eunice a couple days ago, Jason? Uh, it's an email thing, she was gonna, you know, still had some changes, and she was gonna get us some results. So I have not seen any final results from her.  Oh, she was supposed to get those to us before she went on holidays. What is she running? She's done a bunch of updates to the calibration of clues, Philippines.  We have two. So... So, actually, to his credit, Alfonso has...  So I don't work with the clue side at all. I don't understand it very much. I rarely run it.  But in the context of this, Muyo goal tooling. We told you we would talk about Fiji, right? We had a conversation with Fiji.  So Fiji wanted one of the things done ASAP. Actually, the original request was to have us be there in July. You know, like, I don't know how that's going to work, man.  But in that context, Alfonso went and decided to try to calibrate a Fiji model because Fiji was asking about fisheries. specifically. So I think he went, and I think he again uses cloud code, and he took the inspiration from my OG calibration skill. And he started using his clod to do a collabration of clues and then wrote it up as a skill.  And I think that he applied it to the Philippines. I actually got to check with him with the stand where it stands. But there's a repo, right?  On the AEAPD, DRB. There's a clues Philippines, just like there's OGPHL, there's a clues PHL. Which I believe is where he's doing the work.  But it'll be nice to either see if anything there can help Eunice or vice versa. Yeah, she definitely has some good calibration that she's added since we went to the Philippines and in particular with land use. Uh, because it turned out that what we did in the Philippines didn't have any land in it.  So clues. The 2nd letter, the acronym, there was more of a cues model, the clues model. because there was no land in it. So she's updated that since then.  She said she had some good, celebrated values. Yeah, they're... Yeah, I did a...  That's funny, because when I was... When I was testing this work with the Philippines repo, I found out that the land was a big problem. Land use for forest was a big problem.  When I was comparing, I was comparing this method with the other 2 papers and land use became a big key aspect of one of the 4 things that we could generate, we could generate three, but not this one, and it came out of land values, and the land use that happens. And then I realized that we had to calibrate clues with land and we started doing that. So I wonder if, yeah.  If you're an island nation. like Fiji or the Philippines, you have very limited land, and, you need that, that's gonna be a key factor. Yeah, yeah, very important one. Um, Finally, uh, I know you guys have to jump out probably, but on our, just to say that calibration, whatever the right calibration is, but there are parallel efforts happening. between Eunice and the claw driven work over here.  We keep ours on that repo. I think that's the one that I use when when you use that OG clues that tool that I shared you, the more you go AI. It installs from those reposts.  Um, but I'm not, I'm not saying it's the better calibration. just the one that we have. Listen, I wonder if we should just try running running that. Run it, man.  I'm curious what you guys think. as a response. It's a complete end run around you. No, no, I don't want to do that. a long time.  I mean, we had the paper written and those things done in April, and then it's like she's been revising the calibration since then. At the centuries helped. Yeah, I don't I don't want to and run over anybody.  This is this is just a practical use of things. I think that the correct calibration should be whatever it is and we're happy to use the correct calibration, right? But in the end, that's gonna, That's going to be resolved by the best fit, the calibration that meets the best fit, I think.  Whoever does it. And I'm happy if Eunice did this. Like, she can take all this code and do whatever she wants with it too.  Don't want to and run anybody. I don't think AI should replace jobs. I don't think you're stepping on any toes here, Marcelo.  Let's just let's just run fast with this. Finally, sorry, this is not, we don't have to talk about this now, but I went back, and I convinced, this was all Claude. This was not me at all.  I did it all, because I'm like, I don't have time to look at this. I tried to follow up with what we talked about. I am convinced, and I even had, I ran scenarios using the Philippines OG with the different scenarios.  If you just do the additional industry. There's your problem. If you do, if you do the additional industry with the fix that I propose, one of the 2 fixes that I propose, you go back to where you were.  It's equivalent to the single industry. Right? If the industries are identical.  Well, yeah, even if they're identical, even if they're not identical. We can even change them. But just having more industries, if you add my fix, we fixed it.  If we don't add my fix, it doesn't fix. This is an algebraic problem. is the aggregator. They're equivalent solutions.  You either fix on the right side or the left side. The problem is that Kai doesn't adjust to adding, an A is a real thing. It doesn't adjust to adding this thing.  This comes out straight from the from the math. Kai has no way to adjust to that scaling up. Imagine.  So this is how I was thinking about it overnight. Imagine if we converted temperature units from Celsius to Fahrenheit, right? It doesn't change anything.  It's just a different way of measuring it, right? You just say, instead of saying being at 0, it's a 32. Nothing should change.  But if everything is in Fahrenheit, but not this side of the equation. That equation doesn't have that adjuster, doesn't have that same adjustment, you get, you get this problem. This is what's happening here.  It's, it's, uh, I think 100% an algebraic problem between in this equation here between those two. No, I don't I don't know how I can convince you guys. I'm going to send you this document and the OG code.  That's all I did. Like we could answer this with equations. If I don't believe you, I have to show a counterexample that proves what you're saying is false.  Britain's one of this. Yeah, I just, I know it's a weird thing. I will send you this.  I will send you the code that does a simulation, but I I can't get past it. I think that this is a separate problem than the one you guys are working on, which is that, which is also the real problem, which is when you have different industries. You do change how capital is accumulated, which is why the multi-industry model calibration will never be the same to the one industry.  It will always be off until you solve that issue. But I think those are 2 independent, um, maybe dependent, but the 2 2 different problems. I'm convinced.  I believe that. I told my wife, I went home, I'm like, 0 man, I couldn't convince Rick and Jason. She goes, why not?  I'm like, I don't know, I think I'm right, but I'm not very I'm not arguing my point very well. So she told me, go back and try to try to be more clear. giving us way too much respect. No, man, you guys, this is your, like, you guys do, this is modeling work.  You guys do this, not me. I've been made dangerous with access to Claude. That's the problem.  No, but this is this is the right kind of debate where you've got the math and the answers of the math. We can, we can, this is straightforward to answer, not easy, but straightforward. Yep.  Well, hopefully. But this is a blocker issue. Whatever the solution is, this is what gets us to the single in multi-industry equivalent calibrations that lets us then do the multi-channel connection between the 2 models.  Hey, I just need to get my head around what you're doing. So that's, that document that you are showing us, that's an updated document that's in the overleaf, uh, holder. No, I haven't put this one up yet.  I just finished it late last night. I was horsing around with it. Yeah, if you throw it in there then we can look at it.  Yeah. Yeah, sorry. Yeah.  Awesome, awesome, Marcella, thank you. No, man, I appreciate you guys taking it. I shared that presentation today, too.  No, the presentation was terrible. I'm going to start over with that one. I don't think it.  You're not presenting to a room of academics, is like Jason would be. Yeah, but even then, there, of course, there are things that I realized I was looking at the slide that I needed to put in there that it's in the paper, but it's not in the slides. I need to...  I'm very bad at presentations and that's a fatal skill in our profession. You got to communicate. You have to communicate well.  You have to communicate well. Anyways, thank you for listening, guys. I'm going to send you guys this information out there.  It is exciting. To me, it's very exciting work. I think it's very, I think it's great possibilities with this one. especially in the conference.  Yeah, frontiers. It's really exciting. Yeah, love it.  All right. Okay, guys. Appreciate.  Talk to everybody. Bye guys. Yeah, thanks a lot, guys. care. 